>> Rodriguez: Go in to your email.
You can start at the basic starter
HTML document if you want.
And add some interactivity to it.
So you're gonna add those three inputs,
those three labels,
tie those together by referencing the ID
of the input with that 4#P for your label.
And then start swapping out content that
you associate with those different labels
using that display property.
If you wanna update other
styles feel free, have at it.
And just play around with the interactive
example and see how that actually works.
Play around with that mechanism.
We'll take ten minutes and
then we'll come back and
kinda finish up the rest of the workshop
by talking about some cool tools and
resources to help you out on
your email development journey.